---
date: '2012-12-30'
title: 'wierd problem when ssh from pc to anroid phone'
author: 'eggcaker'
layout: 'post'
categories: blog 2012
tags: ['Android','Ubuntu','SSH']
---

Yesterday was trying connection my debian box to android phone with ssh, 
on android device use the sshdroid  as sshd server, and use ssh from debian. 
Normaly it should be works well, but not not this time, what I tried to fix this 
problem:

- test lot of sshd server applications for android
- install the ubuntu on android device 
- test lot of ssh client application on pc side(even windows with putty)　
- recompile the openssh and openssl packages
- install ubuntu on pc 
- last and important test, mac os with wireless connection 

I figure out, I can connect the mac to android with wireless connection (both),
so, I think maybe the problem is the ROUTER! because my router(D-link DI-624+A) 
was bought ~8 years ago. 

next, I installed ubuntu on Virtualbox on my pc, it's works! for this moement, 
I guess, probably the DEBIAN has some problem(because I'm not pay attention to
the ip address of Virtualbox!) then reinstall ubuntu on pc, but it not works too! 

ok, I think maybe it's right time to buy a new router. I login in to router to 
check the adsl account information for backup and just disable the DMZ option
for security reason. BIG superise, finally it's works, i can connect the linux 
to android device without any issue!

*conclusion*: the router forward back all request to pc! so this why cannot 
ssh to any box from pc, because i setup the PC as DMZ machine.

Good to save this for any body if you made same stupid error like me 




